Remove Docker mentions in Resource Usage Monitoring (#32069)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/debug-application-cluster/resource-usage-monitoring.md

the nodes, managing the pods and containers running on a machine. The kubelet 
translates each pod into its constituent containers and fetches individual 
container usage statistics from the container runtime through the container 
runtime interface. If you use a container runtime that uses Linux cgroups and

> namespacesto implement containers, and the container runtime does not publish

Reviewer: ```suggestion
namespaces to implement containers, and the container runtime does not publish
```

translates each pod into its constituent containers and fetches individual 
container usage statistics from the container runtime through the container 
runtime interface. The kubelet fetches this information from the integrated 

> cAdvisor for cgroup-based container runtimes.  It then exposes the aggregated pod 

Author: Your suggestion LGTM Tim. I reworded this based on [my question in #sig-node](https://kubernetes.slack.com/archives/C0BP8PW9G/p1645657340951729) if that helps

> cAdvisor for cgroup-based container runtimes.  It then exposes the aggregated pod 

Reviewer 2: There is a KEP scheduled to move to beta in 1.24 to not use cAdvisor for metric collection and to use the CRI implementation
Perhaps this can be part of the documentation change for 1.24 for this KEP
[SIG Node KEP 2371 cAdvisor-less, CRI-full Container and Pod Stats](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-node/2371-cri-pod-container-stats)
/sig node

cc @nate-double-u

> cAdvisor for cgroup-based container runtimes.  It then exposes the aggregated pod 

Author: I like that idea Rey. So it's expanding the CRI summary API to rely on the CRI implementation for Pod and container stats instead of relying on cAdvisor? Cool! What would I need to do here? Change the destination branch to dev-1.24?

> cAdvisor for cgroup-based container runtimes.  It then exposes the aggregated pod 

Author: @reylejano if you want we can discuss this on Slack and I'm happy to get involved in the docs changes for this KEP for 1.24. LMK :)
